Andre more slides.
Can we just get to coding and I know what you're thinking.
I know the easiest thing to do is for me to just go to my Sublime Text and start coding so you can follow
along.
But I really want this course to build the foundation because I can do all the coding in the world.
But if you have these fundamentals and we talk about them first and as you code along with me or you
do the exercises you truly understand them from the basics then you're going to retain a lot more information.
So bear with me this is going to help you develop into a better developer.
This is the last slide before we get into some coding.
I just want to show you one last part and that is our unified picture of testing now that we've talked
about everything we're gonna be writing tests for our robo friends app.
And if you remember we have our main file app.
Yes.
And the way we're going to write tests for it and other subcomponents and maybe even reduced hours and
other parts of the redux environment.
Well we're simply gonna do the dot test dot J S which with our create react app setup is going to say
that this is a test file.
Let me run it through.
Just keep in mind that tests are meant for development you're never gonna ship your test libraries or
your test code into production most of the time you're saving these libraries with the flag.
Dash dash save dev and NPM because they're only used for development in development as you're writing
your tests eyes you're writing your code you have something like just running in the background that
has the scaffolding the assertion library the test runner the spies Moxon stubs that we need to read
the tests run the tests see which tests pass or fail and also I'll put a code coverage so that we can
work on our project and when it's ready it passes all the tests it has all the nice tests that we need
we can then send it to production without all this stuff that production doesn't need and remember that
we're running these tests we can run them in the dorm we can run them in a headless browser or we can
just run them in a j ust dorm which we are going to do we're gonna use just on because it's the fastest
and the simplest to run our test.
All right time to get to coding.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
I'll see you in the next video.